## Build dev.templates.tests.full_20180528.1
- **Build result:** `failed`
- **Build queued:** 5/28/2018 5:00:03 AM
- **Build duration:** 427.37 minutes
### Details
Build [dev.templates.tests.full_20180528.1](https://winappstudio.visualstudio.com/web/build.aspx?pcguid=a4ef43be-68ce-4195-a619-079b4d9834c2&builduri=vstfs%3a%2f%2f%2fBuild%2fBuild%2f25750) failed

+ xunit.console.exe :     BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Map", projectType: "Blank", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Map.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
At pbatch:27 char:27
+ 
    + CategoryInfo          : NotSpecified: (    BuildMVVMBa...lBasic") [FAIL]:String) [], RemoteException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : NativeCommandError
    + PSComputerName        : [localhost]
 
xunit.console.exe :     BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Background Task", projectType: "TabbedPivot", 
framework: "CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.BackgroundTask.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
At pbatch:27 char:27
+ 
    + CategoryInfo          : NotSpecified: (    BuildCodeBe...lBasic") [FAIL]:String) [], RemoteException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : NativeCommandError
    + PSComputerName        : [localhost]
 
xunit.console.exe :     BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Dev Center Notifications", projectType: "Blank", 
framework: "MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.StoreNotifications.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
At pbatch:27 char:27
+ 
    + CategoryInfo          : NotSpecified: (    BuildMVVMLi...lBasic") [FAIL]:String) [], RemoteException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : NativeCommandError
    + PSComputerName        : [localhost]
 
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Feedback Hub Link", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.FeedbackHub.CodeBehind.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "First Run Prompt", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.FirstRunPrompt.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Azure Notifications", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.HubNotifications.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Media Player", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MediaPlayer.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Settings", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Settings.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Toast Notifications", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ToastNotifications.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Uri Scheme", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UriScheme.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Tabbed", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.TabbedPivot.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "VS App Center Analytics", projectType: "Blank", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.VSAppCenterAnalytics.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Web View", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.WebView.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Live Tile", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.LiveTile.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Web to App link", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WebToAppLink.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Multiple views", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.MultiView.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "3D App Launcher", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.3DLauncher.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "What's New Prompt", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WhatsNewPrompt.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Settings Storage", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SettingsStorage.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Background Task", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.BackgroundTask.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Blank", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", 
itemId: "wts.Page.Blank.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Drag & Drop", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.DragAndDrop.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Feedback Hub Link", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.FeedbackHub.MVVMBasic.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "First Run Prompt", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.FirstRunPrompt.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Share Source", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareSource.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Camera", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Camera.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Share Target", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareTarget.CodeBehind.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Azure Notifications", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.HubNotifications.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Chart", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", 
itemId: "wts.Page.Chart.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "DataGrid", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.DataGrid.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Dev Center Notifications", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.StoreNotifications.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Suspend and Resume", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SuspendAndResume.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Toast Notifications", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ToastNotifications.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Telerik Data Grid", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Grid.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Uri Scheme", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UriScheme.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "ImageGallery", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ImageGallery.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Map", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", 
itemId: "wts.Page.Map.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "VS App Center Analytics", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.VSAppCenterAnalytics.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Live Tile", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.LiveTile.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Master/Detail", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MasterDetail.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Web to App link", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WebToAppLink.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Multiple views", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.MultiView.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Media Player", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MediaPlayer.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "What's New Prompt", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WhatsNewPrompt.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Settings Storage", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SettingsStorage.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Settings", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Settings.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Blank", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Blank.CodeBehind.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Share Source", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareSource.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Tabbed", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.TabbedPivot.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Share Target", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareTarget.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Camera", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Camera.CodeBehind.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Web View", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.WebView.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Chart", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Chart.CodeBehind.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Dev Center Notifications", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.StoreNotifications.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "3D App Launcher", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.3DLauncher.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "DataGrid", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.DataGrid.CodeBehind.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Suspend and Resume", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SuspendAndResume.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Background Task", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.BackgroundTask.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Telerik Data Grid", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Grid.CodeBehind.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Toast Notifications", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ToastNotifications.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Drag & Drop", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.DragAndDrop.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "ImageGallery", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ImageGallery.CodeBehind.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Uri Scheme", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UriScheme.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "VS App Center Analytics", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.VSAppCenterAnalytics.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Web to App link", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WebToAppLink.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Feedback Hub Link", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.FeedbackHub.MVVMLight.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "First Run Prompt", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.FirstRunPrompt.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Azure Notifications", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.HubNotifications.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Live Tile", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.LiveTile.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Map", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "CodeBehind", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Map.CodeBehind.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Master/Detail", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MasterDetail.CodeBehind.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Media Player", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MediaPlayer.CodeBehind.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "What's New Prompt", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WhatsNewPrompt.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Settings", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Settings.CodeBehind.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Multiple views", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.MultiView.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Blank", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Blank.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Tabbed", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.TabbedPivot.CodeBehind.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Settings Storage", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SettingsStorage.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Camera", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Camera.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Web View", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.WebView.CodeBehind.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Chart", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Chart.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Share Source", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareSource.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildAllPagesAndFeaturesRandomNamesVBAsync [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Share Target", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareTarget.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "DataGrid", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.DataGrid.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Telerik Data Grid", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Grid.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "ImageGallery", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ImageGallery.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Map", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Map.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildEmptyProjectWithAllRightClickItemsAsync [FAIL]
    BuildAllPagesAndFeaturesRandomNamesCSAsync [FAIL]
    BuildCompleteProjectWithAllRightClickItemsAsync [FAIL]
    BuildAllPagesAndFeaturesAsync [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Dev Center Notifications", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.StoreNotifications.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Suspend and Resume", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SuspendAndResume.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Toast Notifications", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ToastNotifications.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Uri Scheme", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UriScheme.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Master/Detail", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MasterDetail.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "VS App Center Analytics", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.VSAppCenterAnalytics.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Media Player", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MediaPlayer.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Web to App link", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WebToAppLink.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Settings", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Settings.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "What's New Prompt", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WhatsNewPrompt.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Tabbed", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.TabbedPivot.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Blank", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Blank.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Web View", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.WebView.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Camera", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Camera.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Chart", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Chart.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildAllPagesAndFeaturesRandomNamesVBAsync [FAIL]

+     BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "DataGrid", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.DataGrid.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildAllPagesAndFeaturesAsync [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Telerik Data Grid", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Grid.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildCompleteProjectWithAllRightClickItemsAsync [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "ImageGallery", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ImageGallery.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Map", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Map.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Master/Detail", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MasterDetail.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Media Player", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MediaPlayer.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Settings", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Settings.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Tabbed", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.TabbedPivot.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsAsync(itemName: "Web View", projectType: "TabbedPivot", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.WebView.VB", language: "VisualBasic") [FAIL]

+     BuildAllPagesAndFeaturesAsync [FAIL]

+     BuildAllPagesAndFeaturesRandomNamesCSAsync [FAIL]
    BuildAllPagesAndFeaturesRandomNamesVBAsync [FAIL]
    BuildCompleteProjectWithAllRightClickItemsAsync [FAIL]
    BuildEmptyProjectWithAllRightClickItemsAsync [FAIL]

+ Process completed with exit code 124 and had 4 error(s) written to the error stream.

Find detailed information in the [build log files](https://uwpctdiags.blob.core.windows.net/buildlogs/dev.templates.tests.full_20180528.1_logs.zip)
