## Build dev.templates.tests.onebyone_20190530.1
- **Build result:** `failed`
- **Build queued:** 5/30/2019 5:00:01 AM
- **Build duration:** 429.14 minutes
### Details
Build [dev.templates.tests.onebyone_20190530.1](https://winappstudio.visualstudio.com/web/build.aspx?pcguid=a4ef43be-68ce-4195-a619-079b4d9834c2&builduri=vstfs%3a%2f%2f%2fBuild%2fBuild%2f28229) failed

+ xunit.console.exe :     BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Tabbed", projectType: "Blank", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.TabbedPivot.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
At pbatch:27 char:27
+ 
    + CategoryInfo          : NotSpecified: (    BuildCodeBe...e: "C#") [FAIL]:String) [], RemoteException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : NativeCommandError
    + PSComputerName        : [localhost]
 
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Web View", projectType: "Blank", framework: "CodeBehind", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.WebView.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "3D App Launcher", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.3DLauncher", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Background Task", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.BackgroundTask", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Deep Linking", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.DeepLinking", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Drag & Drop", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.DragAndDrop.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Feedback Hub Link", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.FeedbackHub.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "First Run Prompt", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.FirstRunPrompt", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Azure Notifications", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.HubNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Forced Login", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.IdentityForcedLogin.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Optional Login", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.IdentityOptionalLogin.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Live Tile", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.LiveTile", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Multiple views", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.MultiView", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Settings Storage", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SettingsStorage", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Share Source", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareSource", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Share Target", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareTarget.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "SQL Server Data", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SqlServerDataService", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Dev Center Notifications", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.StoreNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Suspend and Resume", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SuspendAndResume", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Theme Selection", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feature.ThemeSelection", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Toast Notifications", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ToastNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test App with MSTest", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.App.MSTest", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test App with xUnit", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.App.xUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with MSTest", projectType: "TabbedNav", 
framework: "CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.MSTest", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with NUnit", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.NUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with xUnit", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.xUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "User Activity", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UserActivity", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "VS App Center Analytics", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.VSAppCenterAnalytics", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Web to App link", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WebToAppLink", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "What's New Prompt", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WhatsNewPrompt", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Win App Driver", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WinAppDriver", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "XAML Styler Config", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.XAMLStyler", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Blank", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Blank.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Camera", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Camera.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Chart", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Chart.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Content Grid", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ContentGrid.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "DataGrid", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.DataGrid.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Telerik Data Grid", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Grid.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "ImageGallery", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ImageGallery.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Draw", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkDraw.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Draw Picture", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkDrawPicture.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Smart Canvas", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkSmartCanvas.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Map", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Map.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Master/Detail", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MasterDetail.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Media Player", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MediaPlayer.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Settings", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Settings.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Tabbed", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.TabbedPivot.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Web View", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.WebView.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "3D App Launcher", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.3DLauncher", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Background Task", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.BackgroundTask", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Deep Linking", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.DeepLinking", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Drag & Drop", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.DragAndDrop.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Feedback Hub Link", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.FeedbackHub.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "First Run Prompt", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.FirstRunPrompt", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Azure Notifications", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.HubNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Forced Login", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.IdentityForcedLogin.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Optional Login", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.IdentityOptionalLogin.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Live Tile", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.LiveTile", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Multiple views", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.MultiView", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Settings Storage", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SettingsStorage", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Share Source", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareSource", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Share Target", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareTarget.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "SQL Server Data", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SqlServerDataService", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Dev Center Notifications", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.StoreNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Suspend and Resume", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SuspendAndResume", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Theme Selection", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feature.ThemeSelection", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Toast Notifications", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ToastNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test App with MSTest", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.App.MSTest", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test App with xUnit", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.App.xUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with MSTest", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.MSTest", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with NUnit", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.NUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with xUnit", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.xUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "User Activity", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UserActivity", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "VS App Center Analytics", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.VSAppCenterAnalytics", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Web to App link", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WebToAppLink", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "What's New Prompt", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WhatsNewPrompt", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Win App Driver", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WinAppDriver", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "XAML Styler Config", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.XAMLStyler", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Blank", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Blank.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Camera", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Camera.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Chart", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Chart.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Content Grid", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ContentGrid.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "DataGrid", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.DataGrid.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Telerik Data Grid", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"CodeBehind", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Grid.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "ImageGallery", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ImageGallery.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Draw", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkDraw.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Draw Picture", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkDrawPicture.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Smart Canvas", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkSmartCanvas.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Map", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Map.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Master/Detail", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MasterDetail.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Media Player", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MediaPlayer.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Settings", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Settings.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Tabbed", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.TabbedPivot.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildCodeBehindOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Web View", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "CodeBehind", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.WebView.CodeBehind", language: "C#") [FAIL]

+ xunit.console.exe :     BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "ImageGallery", projectType: "Blank", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ImageGallery", language: "C#") [FAIL]
At pbatch:27 char:27
+ 
    + CategoryInfo          : NotSpecified: (    BuildMVVMLi...e: "C#") [FAIL]:String) [], RemoteException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : NativeCommandError
    + PSComputerName        : [localhost]
 
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Draw", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkDraw", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Draw Picture", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkDrawPicture", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Smart Canvas", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkSmartCanvas", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Map", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", 
itemId: "wts.Page.Map", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Master/Detail", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MasterDetail", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Media Player", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MediaPlayer", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Settings", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Settings", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Tabbed", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.TabbedPivot", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Web View", projectType: "Blank", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.WebView", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "3D App Launcher", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.3DLauncher", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Background Task", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.BackgroundTask", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Deep Linking", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.DeepLinking.MVVMLight", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Drag & Drop", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.DragAndDrop", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Feedback Hub Link", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.FeedbackHub.MVVMLight", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "First Run Prompt", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.FirstRunPrompt", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Azure Notifications", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.HubNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Forced Login", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.IdentityForcedLogin", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Optional Login", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.IdentityOptionalLogin", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Live Tile", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.LiveTile", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Multiple views", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.MultiView", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Settings Storage", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SettingsStorage", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Share Source", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareSource", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Share Target", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareTarget", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "SQL Server Data", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SqlServerDataService", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Dev Center Notifications", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.StoreNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Suspend and Resume", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SuspendAndResume", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Theme Selection", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feature.ThemeSelection", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Toast Notifications", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ToastNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test App with MSTest", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.App.MSTest", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test App with xUnit", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.App.xUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with MSTest", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.MSTest", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with NUnit", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.NUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with xUnit", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.xUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "User Activity", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UserActivity.MVVMLight", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "VS App Center Analytics", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.VSAppCenterAnalytics", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Web to App link", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WebToAppLink", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "What's New Prompt", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WhatsNewPrompt", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Win App Driver", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WinAppDriver", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "XAML Styler Config", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.XAMLStyler", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Blank", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Blank", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Camera", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Camera", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Chart", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Chart", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Content Grid", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ContentGrid", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "DataGrid", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.DataGrid", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Telerik Data Grid", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Grid", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "ImageGallery", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ImageGallery", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Draw", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkDraw", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Draw Picture", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkDrawPicture", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Smart Canvas", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkSmartCanvas", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Map", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Map", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Master/Detail", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MasterDetail", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Media Player", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MediaPlayer", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Settings", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Settings", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Tabbed", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.TabbedPivot", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Web View", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.WebView", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "3D App Launcher", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.3DLauncher", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Background Task", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.BackgroundTask", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Deep Linking", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.DeepLinking.MVVMLight", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Drag & Drop", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.DragAndDrop", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Feedback Hub Link", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.FeedbackHub.MVVMLight", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "First Run Prompt", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.FirstRunPrompt", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Azure Notifications", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.HubNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Forced Login", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.IdentityForcedLogin", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Optional Login", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.IdentityOptionalLogin", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Live Tile", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.LiveTile", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Multiple views", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.MultiView", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Settings Storage", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SettingsStorage", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Share Source", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareSource", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Share Target", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareTarget", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "SQL Server Data", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SqlServerDataService", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Dev Center Notifications", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.StoreNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Suspend and Resume", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SuspendAndResume", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Theme Selection", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feature.ThemeSelection", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Toast Notifications", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ToastNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test App with MSTest", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.App.MSTest", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test App with xUnit", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.App.xUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with MSTest", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.MSTest", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with NUnit", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.NUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with xUnit", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.xUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "User Activity", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UserActivity.MVVMLight", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "VS App Center Analytics", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMLight", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.VSAppCenterAnalytics", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Web to App link", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WebToAppLink", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "What's New Prompt", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WhatsNewPrompt", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Win App Driver", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WinAppDriver", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "XAML Styler Config", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.XAMLStyler", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Blank", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Blank", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Camera", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Camera", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Chart", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Chart", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Content Grid", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ContentGrid", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "DataGrid", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.DataGrid", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Telerik Data Grid", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Grid", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "ImageGallery", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ImageGallery", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Draw", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkDraw", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Draw Picture", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkDrawPicture", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Smart Canvas", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkSmartCanvas", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Map", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Map", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Master/Detail", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MasterDetail", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Media Player", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MediaPlayer", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Settings", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Settings", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Tabbed", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.TabbedPivot", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMLightOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Web View", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMLight", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.WebView", language: "C#") [FAIL]
xunit.console.exe :     BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Azure Notifications", projectType: "TabbedNav", 
framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.HubNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
At pbatch:27 char:27
+ 
    + CategoryInfo          : NotSpecified: (    BuildMVVMBa...e: "C#") [FAIL]:String) [], RemoteException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : NativeCommandError
    + PSComputerName        : [localhost]
 
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Forced Login", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.IdentityForcedLogin", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Optional Login", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.IdentityOptionalLogin", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Live Tile", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.LiveTile", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Multiple views", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.MultiView", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Settings Storage", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SettingsStorage", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Share Source", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareSource", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Share Target", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareTarget", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "SQL Server Data", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SqlServerDataService", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Dev Center Notifications", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.StoreNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Suspend and Resume", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SuspendAndResume", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Theme Selection", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feature.ThemeSelection", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Toast Notifications", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ToastNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test App with MSTest", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.App.MSTest", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test App with xUnit", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.App.xUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with MSTest", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.MSTest", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with NUnit", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.NUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with xUnit", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.xUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "User Activity", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UserActivity", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "VS App Center Analytics", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.VSAppCenterAnalytics", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Web to App link", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WebToAppLink", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "What's New Prompt", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WhatsNewPrompt", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Win App Driver", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WinAppDriver", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "XAML Styler Config", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.XAMLStyler", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Blank", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Blank", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Camera", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Camera", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Chart", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Chart", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Content Grid", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ContentGrid", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "DataGrid", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.DataGrid", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Telerik Data Grid", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Grid", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "ImageGallery", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ImageGallery", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Draw", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkDraw", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Draw Picture", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkDrawPicture", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Smart Canvas", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkSmartCanvas", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Map", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Map", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Master/Detail", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MasterDetail", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Media Player", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.MediaPlayer", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Settings", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Settings", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Tabbed", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.TabbedPivot", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Web View", projectType: "TabbedNav", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.WebView", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "3D App Launcher", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.3DLauncher", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Background Task", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.BackgroundTask", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Deep Linking", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.DeepLinking", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Drag & Drop", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.DragAndDrop", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Feedback Hub Link", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.FeedbackHub.MVVMBasic", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "First Run Prompt", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.FirstRunPrompt", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Azure Notifications", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.HubNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Forced Login", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.IdentityForcedLogin", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Optional Login", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.IdentityOptionalLogin", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Live Tile", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.LiveTile", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Multiple views", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.MultiView", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Settings Storage", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SettingsStorage", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Share Source", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareSource", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Share Target", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ShareTarget", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "SQL Server Data", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SqlServerDataService", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Dev Center Notifications", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.StoreNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Suspend and Resume", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.SuspendAndResume", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Theme Selection", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feature.ThemeSelection", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Toast Notifications", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.ToastNotifications", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test App with MSTest", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.App.MSTest", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test App with xUnit", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.App.xUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with MSTest", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.MSTest", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with NUnit", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.NUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Test Core library with xUnit", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UnitTests.Core.xUnit", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "User Activity", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.UserActivity", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "VS App Center Analytics", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: 
"MVVMBasic", platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.VSAppCenterAnalytics", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Web to App link", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WebToAppLink", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "What's New Prompt", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WhatsNewPrompt", language: "C#") [FAIL]
    BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Win App Driver", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.WinAppDriver", language: "C#") [FAIL]

+     BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "XAML Styler Config", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Feat.XAMLStyler", language: "C#") [FAIL]

+     BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Blank", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Blank", language: "C#") [FAIL]

+     BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Camera", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Camera", language: "C#") [FAIL]

+     BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Chart", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Chart", language: "C#") [FAIL]

+     BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Content Grid", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ContentGrid", language: "C#") [FAIL]

+     BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "DataGrid", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.DataGrid", language: "C#") [FAIL]

+     BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Telerik Data Grid", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.Grid", language: "C#") [FAIL]

+     BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "ImageGallery", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", 
platform: "Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.ImageGallery", language: "C#") [FAIL]

+     BuildMVVMBasicOneByOneItemsVBAsync(itemName: "Ink Draw", projectType: "MenuBar", framework: "MVVMBasic", platform: 
"Uwp", itemId: "wts.Page.InkDraw", language: "C#") [FAIL]


Find detailed information in the [build log files](https://uwpctdiags.blob.core.windows.net/buildlogs/dev.templates.tests.onebyone_20190530.1_logs.zip)
